Fix flowAppCpp links. (#158)
vircadia/vircadia-docs-sphinx: docs/source/create/avatars/add-flow.rst

Flow App
--------

> Download and run the `Flow app <https://docs.vircadia.com/_static/resources/script/flow/flowAppCpp/flowAppCpp.js>`_ to configure your flow settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Load the `Flow app <https://docs.vircadia.com/_static/resources/script/flow/flowAppCpp/flowAppCpp.js>`_ into Vircadia to configure your flow settings. See :doc:`Load an Interface Script </script/interface-scripts>`
```
"Download and run" makes it sound like you just download it with your web browser and run it like any other executable on your computer.
